Add the "Adapt a C Program to CHERI C" exercise. (#16)
nwf/cheri-exercises: src/exercises/adapt-c/answers.md

      0x0000000040295dc8 <+4>:       lc      ca3,1532(a3) # 0x403583c0 <_CHERI_CAPABILITY_TABLE_+2464>
      0x0000000040295dcc <+8>:       lc      ca5,496(a3)
      0x0000000040295dd0 <+12>:      cjr     ca5
   End of assembler dump.
   (gdb) 
   ```
   We can see that `write()` was called to write to `stdout` (`ca0`) 37 bytes
   (`ca2`) from a buffer with an untagged capability (`ca1`). The `write()` libc
   function does not include a trapping instruction but it jumps with `cjr`.
   Let's see where it jumps to:
   ```
   (gdb) ni 4
   _write () at _write.S:4
   4       _write.S: No such file or directory.
   (gdb) disassemble 
   Dump of assembler code for function _write:
   => 0x0000000040299130 <+0>:       li      t0,4
      0x0000000040299132 <+2>:       ecall
      0x0000000040299136 <+6>:       bnez    t0,0x4029913e <_write+14>
      0x000000004029913a <+10>:      cret
      0x000000004029913e <+14>:      auipc   t1,0xffffd
      0x0000000040299142 <+18>:      cincoffset      ct1,ct1,-846
      0x0000000040299146 <+22>:      cjr     ct1
   End of assembler dump.
   (gdb) 
   ```
   `write()` jumped to `_write()`, a system call wrapper written in assembly,

>    that makes a trap. Let's see what is a result of the system call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   that uses `ecall` to make a system call. Let's see what is a result of the system call:
```

Author: 899692ceb54ef0e02acd334aed59af4b60763ce2

   ```
   (gdb) ni 2
   4       in _write.S
   (gdb) info register ca0
   ca0            0xe      0xe
   (gdb) 
   ```
   The `write()` system call returned `0xe`. Looking at `errno(2)` and

>    `write(2)`, we can conclude that we passed an incorrect address to the buffer
>    which should be tagged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `write(2)`, we can conclude that we passed an incorrect address to the buffer;
   here, that's likely because the capability is just the address, without a tag.
```

I wonder if it's worth introducing the term "null-derived" somewhere in this exercise?

Author: 899692ceb54ef0e02acd334aed59af4b60763ce2

I added a note on "NULL-derived" and I will include it in slides as well.
